README.md, before:

# Reserve Classes - Back-end

> The project we built for the Final Capstone Project is based on an app to book an appointment to attend a class. We had to follow the given design of the website, but we personalize the content, i.e., instead of booking an appointment to try a motorcycle, we built an app to book an appointment to attend a class.

### Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD)
![](/images/database.png)

## Built With

- Ruby on Rails
- PostgreSQL

## Kanban board
- Click [here](https://github.com/christianbiring1/reserve_classes_back-end/projects/1) to view the Kanban board
- Click [here](https://github.com/christianbiring1/reserve_classes_back-end/issues/7) to view the Kanban board issue

## Front end
> Click [here](https://github.com/christianbiring1/reserve_classes_front-end) to view the front end repository.

## API Documentation

Click [here](https://calm-mesa-77347.herokuapp.com/) to follow the API documentation


### Prerequisites

- To run this project in your local environment, You will need to have the following tools installed loally :

- `Ruby 3.0+`
- `Rails 6.0+`
- `PostgreSQL` version 14+

## Set up

- `git clone git@github.com:christianbiring1/reserve_classes_back-end.git`
- `cd reserve_classes_back-end`
- `bundle install`
- `rails db:create`
- `rails db:migrate`
if you want to run it locally you will need to change the URL host in the `initializer/cors`and change it to localhost:3000 the domain of the font-end though. And all the API end point on the front-end app must match that as well.
- `rails s -p 3001`
- Open up the `localhost` in your browser

## Author

👤 **Christian biringanine**

- GitHub: [christianbiring1](https://github.com/christianbiring1)
- Twitter: [christianbirin4](https://twitter.com/christianbirin4)
- LinkedIn: [Christian Biringanine](https://linkedin.com/in/christian-biringanine/)

👤 **Jake Felice**

- GitHub: [@jasonfelice](https://github.com/jasonfelice)
- Twitter: [@jasonfelice0](https://twitter.com/jasonfelice0)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jason-felice-11a5a622b/)

👤 **Bazimungu Pascal**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/bizip)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/BizimunguPasca9)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](www.linkedin.com/in/bizimungu)

👤 **Yussuf Nviiri**

- GitHub: [@yusufnviiri](https://github.com/yusufnviiri)
- Twitter: [@YNviiri](https://twitter.com/YNviiri)
- LinkedIn: [yusufnviiri]( https://www.linkedin.com/in/yusuf-nviiri-8b4146206/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/christianbiring1/reserve_classes_back-end/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- We give credit to [Murat Korkmaz](https://www.behance.net/muratk) whom we used his design to bring this project alive
- Hat tip to Microverse and all its staff for the support and trust they have in each one of us beleiving we can do better
- Hat tip to anyone who's code was contributed to make this project alive. `Jake, Pascal, Christian and Yussuf`

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Update the README and add some model test cases

README.md, after:

# Reserve Classes - Back-end

> The project we built for the Final Capstone Project is based on an app to book an appointment to attend a class. We had to follow the given design of the website, but we personalize the content, i.e., instead of booking an appointment to try a motorcycle, we built an app to book an appointment to attend a class.

### Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD)

![](/images/database.png)

## Built With

- Ruby on Rails
- PostgreSQL

## Kanban board

- Click [here](https://github.com/christianbiring1/reserve_classes_back-end/projects/1) to view the Kanban board
- Click [here](https://github.com/christianbiring1/reserve_classes_back-end/issues/7) to view the Kanban board issue

## Front end

> Click [here](https://github.com/christianbiring1/reserve_classes_front-end) to view the front end repository.

## API Documentation

Click [here](https://calm-mesa-77347.herokuapp.com/) to follow the API documentation


### Prerequisites

- To run this project in your local environment, You will need to have the following tools installed loally :

- `Ruby 3.0+`
- `Rails 6.0+`
- `PostgreSQL` version 14+

## Set up

- `git clone git@github.com:christianbiring1/reserve_classes_back-end.git`
- `cd reserve_classes_back-end`
- `bundle install`
- `rails db:create`
- `rails db:migrate`
if you want to run it locally you will need to change the URL host in the `initializer/cors`and change it to localhost:3000 the domain of the font-end though. And all the API end point on the front-end app must match that as well.
- `rails s -p 3001`
- Open up the `localhost` in your browser

## Test

- For testing all the app's models you can run the following command in the terminal
`rspec`

- If you would like to run each one of them separatly you can use
`rspec spec/model/<file_name_spec.rb>`

## Author

👤 **Christian biringanine**

- GitHub: [christianbiring1](https://github.com/christianbiring1)
- Twitter: [christianbirin4](https://twitter.com/christianbirin4)
- LinkedIn: [Christian Biringanine](https://linkedin.com/in/christian-biringanine/)

👤 **Jake Felice**

- GitHub: [@jasonfelice](https://github.com/jasonfelice)
- Twitter: [@jasonfelice0](https://twitter.com/jasonfelice0)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jason-felice-11a5a622b/)

👤 **Bazimungu Pascal**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/bizip)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/BizimunguPasca9)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](www.linkedin.com/in/bizimungu)

👤 **Yussuf Nviiri**

- GitHub: [@yusufnviiri](https://github.com/yusufnviiri)
- Twitter: [@YNviiri](https://twitter.com/YNviiri)
- LinkedIn: [yusufnviiri]( https://www.linkedin.com/in/yusuf-nviiri-8b4146206/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/christianbiring1/reserve_classes_back-end/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- We give credit to [Murat Korkmaz](https://www.behance.net/muratk) whom we used his design to bring this project alive
- Hat tip to Microverse and all its staff for the support and trust they have in each one of us beleiving we can do better
- Hat tip to anyone who's code was contributed to make this project alive. `Jake, Pascal, Christian and Yussuf`

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
